now with macadamia straight where you
can offer your in salon client sets of
four months of unparalleled smoothing
and straightening capabilities straight
where is the healthy formaldehyde free
hair straightening system that lasts up
to four months this is the breakthrough
that both the stylist and client have
been looking for it amplifies hairs
moisture and strength and intensifies
color and shine
the straight where process involves just
a few simple steps and recommended tools
that guarantee beautiful long lasting
results the exclusive straight where
smoother is the center of the process
the smoother is a copolymer system
infused with a special blend of
macadamia oil with quinoa seed and other
botanical extracts that revitalize hair
by infusing moisture strength and
unparalleled shine to begin the process
it is extremely important to wash the
hair with straight wear purify shampoo
as it will remove any build-up or
impurities and prepare the hair for the
smoother application make sure to gently
and thoroughly cleanse hair to remove
any build-up shampoo twice for fine and
normal hair types shampoo three times
for coarse and resistant hair types next
gently towel dry the clients hair hair
should be damped for about 50% dry for
the smoother application section the
hair into four parts include the clients
normal or desired parting at the
hairline you can also drop out the first
section at the nape for first
application sections should be between
1/2 to 1 inch take larger sections for
find thinner hair and smaller sections
for thicker coarse hair you are now
ready to apply the straight where
smoother
you will need approximately 1 ounce for
short hair 2 ounces for shoulder-length
hair and 3 ounces for longer hair
gloves are recommended for this portion
of the service using a tint brush start
to apply the smoother on the hair
section starting from just off the scalp
to the hair ends comb through completed
subsections with a fine-toothed
heat-resistant comb for even
distribution it is important during the
application of the smoother process to
apply just enough product to lightly but
thoroughly cover the hair over
application will make the hair feel
heavy during the 72 hour no water
maintenance after the service once
you've applied the smoother to your last
subsection start process timing
process times will depend on hair type
for fine normal or damaged hair 20 to 25
minutes for thick coarse or resistant
hair 30 to 35 minutes during the process
time you may go back through the hair
with a fine-tooth comb
to ensure even distribution after the
process time you are now ready to
blow-dry the hair start at the root area
and work toward the hair ends you will
leave the smoother in the hair for
drying as this will help set the system
for the final stage of the service
macadamias 100% boar bristle brushes are
perfect for use during the drying
portion of the service the boar bristles
will help distribute the smoother and
seal the cuticle for long lasting
results it is very important to make
sure the hair is 100% dry for flat
ironing evaluate hair type and condition
for the iron setting for fine or damaged
hair 400 degrees Fahrenheit or 205
degrees Celsius for color treated or
chemically processed hair 420 degrees
Fahrenheit or 215 degrees Celsius and
for virgin course or resistant hair 430
degrees Fahrenheit or 220 degrees
Celsius the macadamia straight wear iron
with 430 degrees Fahrenheit or 220
degrees Celsius temperature capabilities
is recommended start the Flatiron
process with hair sectioned into 4
partings start in the nape area with a
1/8 inch parting comb through the
section with the heat-resistant comb
with the hair sections elevated and
using mild tension insert the Flatiron
just off the root area take extra
caution not to touch the clients scalp
start off by first lightly bumping the
iron just off the scalp area twice then
slowly and evenly sliding the iron down
the hair shaft just behind the comb pass
the iron for seven passes on each
section and work your way throughout the
hair the results are sure to please your
client and best of all it's 100% from
maldehyde free
make sure the client follows the no
water maintenance rule for the first 72
hours or three days after the in salons
service hair must not be shampooed and
kept free of moisture hair should be
worn loose and free of clips ponytail
holders hats or anything else that will
press against the hair if hair does get
wet blow dry as soon as possible and
reshape with a flatiron
if hair becomes disheveled during sleep
simply reshape with a flatiron to
maintain the effectiveness of the
straight wear service the client must
follow these simple procedures starting
with a sulfate free shampoo washing the
hair with macadamias rejuvenating
shampoos sulfate and paraben free
formula is required for maintenance it
gently cleanses hair while weightlessly
replenishing moisture and also protects
the hair from environmental elements our
deep repair mass combines macadamia and
Argan oils to thoroughly nourish hair it
is highly recommended to further
maintain and enhance a sleek smooth
surface macadamias healing oil treatment
is recommended for providing ongoing
nourishment for the hair intensifying
shine and adding UV protection the oil
helps extend the life of the straight
where service by creating elasticity
helping prevent breakage and split ends
and sealing the cuticle straight whereby
macadamia is safe beautiful and
you